feat(helm): add databaseInitContainer, reformat file and remove dupli… (#378)
concourse/concourse-chart: README.md

| `web.shareProcessNamespace` | Enable or disable the process namespace sharing for the web nodes | `false` |
| `web.priorityClassName` | Sets a PriorityClass for the web pods | `nil` |
| `web.sidecarContainers` | Array of extra containers to run alongside the Concourse web container | `nil` |

> | `web.databaseInitContainers` | Array of database init containers to run before the Concourse web container | `nil` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `web.databaseInitContainers` | Array of database init containers to run before the Concourse database migrations are applied | `nil` |
```
